[feature](Load)Suppot skip specific lines number for csv stream load (#16055)
apache/doris: docs/en/docs/sql-manual/sql-reference/Data-Manipulation-Statements/Load/STREAM-LOAD.md

25. trim_double_quotes: Boolean type, The default value is false. True means that the outermost double quotes of each field in the csv file are trimmed.

> 26. skip_lines: <version since="1.2" type="inline"> Integer type, the default value is 0. It will skip some lines in the head of csv file. It will be disable when format is csv_with_names or csv_with_names_and_types. </version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
26. skip_lines: <version since="dev" type="inline"> Integer type, the default value is 0. It will skip some lines in the head of csv file. It will be disabled when format is `csv_with_names` or `csv_with_names_and_types`. </version>
```
